README.md, before:

# Dealer Review App v5.0

## Tasks Accomplished:
- Set up Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery with GitHub Actions.
- Added workflow and linting jobs.
- Enabled GitHub Actions and ran the Linting workflow.

---

## Previous Tasks Accomplished:
- Created user-friendly React front-end for managing dealerships and reviews.
- Tested front-end to ensure all dealerships and reviews are accessible.
- Integrated car models and dealer/review services.
- Created Django views as proxy services to fetch data from external API endpoints.
- Created a superuser to access the Django admin console. 
- Added CarModel, and CarMake models in Django app.
- Populated models with test data and viewed it in Django admin console and new /getCars endpoint.
- Implemented endpoints for fetching reviews, dealers, and specific dealer information.
- Created the user management system allowing users to register, login, and logout.
- Built the front-end for the Django Application to provide a graphic user interface (GUI) for user management.
- Prepared the GitHub repository for the project.
- Cloned the app skeleton to start building the dealer review app.
- Created several static pages as a warm-up task.
- Tested the app to ensure initial setup was successful.

Commit message:

deploy: Django app to Kubernetes

README.md, after:

# Dealer Review App v5.1

## Tasks Accomplished:
- Containerized the application: Prepared the codebase and dependencies to run within a Docker container.
- Built Docker image: Created a Dockerfile defining the build process for the container image.
- Pushed to registry: Built and pushed the image to a container registry.
- Created deployment artifacts: Defined deployment using a deployment.yaml file for a Kubernetes cluster.
- Deployed to Kubernetes: The application was deployed to a Kubernetes cluster (specific instructions omitted).

---

## Previous Tasks Accomplished:
- Set up Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery with GitHub Actions.
- Added workflow and linting jobs.
- Enabled GitHub Actions and ran the Linting workflow.
- Created user-friendly React front-end for managing dealerships and reviews.
- Tested front-end to ensure all dealerships and reviews are accessible.
- Integrated car models and dealer/review services.
- Created Django views as proxy services to fetch data from external API endpoints.
- Created a superuser to access the Django admin console. 
- Added CarModel, and CarMake models in Django app.
- Populated models with test data and viewed it in Django admin console and new /getCars endpoint.
- Implemented endpoints for fetching reviews, dealers, and specific dealer information.
- Created the user management system allowing users to register, login, and logout.
- Built the front-end for the Django Application to provide a graphic user interface (GUI) for user management.
- Prepared the GitHub repository for the project.
- Cloned the app skeleton to start building the dealer review app.
- Created several static pages as a warm-up task.
- Tested the app to ensure initial setup was successful.
